vencloud: init at 0.0.1; nixos/vencloud: init (#374132)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2505.section.md

- [git-worktree-switcher](https://github.com/mateusauler/git-worktree-switcher), switch between git worktrees with speed. Available as [programs.git-worktree-switcher](#opt-programs.git-worktree-switcher.enable)

> - [VenCloud](https://github.com/vencord/vencloud), a cloud sync service for [vencord](https://github.com/Vendicated/Vencord). Available as [services.vencloud](#opt-programs.vencloud)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vencloud](https://github.com/vencord/vencloud) is a cloud settings sync API for [Vencord](https://github.com/Vendicated/Vencord). Available as [services.vencloud](#opt-services.vencloud)
```
